So we are highly instant person, instant Dzogchen practitioners, and that is like when the time is
in participating status, teacher, and there, in this moment there's so much space, immediately it's
catch, catch as the grass fires, the bush fires, instantly realization, instantly boost up.
And that happened so many times, for example, not just in the Vedayana schools of the Buddhism's,
but also in the Theravada or in the Yayana's Buddhism, for example at the beginning of the when the
Buddha started giving the teachings, all those like private disciples of the Buddha's are also,
they are instant, highly accomplished practitioners.
The immediate learning moment after they visit the Four Noble Truths Teaching, they become the Arh
athas. Yes, like very soon, that they didn't have long to practice, moment the Buddha turns three
times, three times this the Four Noble Truths Teaching, after that session, when the session is
ended, these five of them reach the Arhathas instant.
And then such as the Hary potter and Mughal potters, they are also very good, that, and moment
again, they saw, for example, one of the disciples of the Buddha, which is one of the five
disciples of the Buddha, known as Tathar.
The moment that Hary potter saw Tathar, immediately he got, he got, what's it called, he got, what
they call it, goosebumps, he got goosebumps, he got goosebumps, he fit so much power.
Spent, who is this, this, that? I mean, there's a long, kind of a, large, beautiful story, but
anyway, finally I understand this, Tathar told that he is the disciple of the Buddha, and moment he
had Buddha, again, it burst out, and he's so eager to see the Buddha.
And when Hary potter began to come in toward the Buddha, and the Buddha mentioned, "Come soon, come
soon, come to me, come to me, come to me."
When moment he said that, that world, world, Hary potter had become unhappened. Immediately, that,
that, Hary potter is already gathered, very highly intelligent, highly, very educated person, Bra
hma, high caste Brahma, even the Brahma, he is one of the highest Brahma schools, and he got
immediate.
And similarly, Mongol potters, when Mongol potter repeated what he learned from Tathar and Buddha,
in that moment, Mongol potter becomes unhappened.
And of course, Mahakahyapa, Mahakahyapa also, when Buddha, moment like Mahakahyapa saw Buddha, "Oh,
you're my teacher," and Buddha said, "Yes, I am your teacher, come."
And that world, completely, Mahakahyapa becomes unhappened. They didn't have to go through all the
different things.
They all have, there's so many beautiful, like, stories. It's just, last time, one after another,
it really just ignited every status, all that, and that's how those are capabilities.
And then in Vaidyana school, always mentioned, such a great thing in there, Buddhism, is one of the
very high-coupledness Brahma schools.
And then this great Master Chukudu said also, "Saraa." Real Master Saraa is also a high-coupledness
Brahma school.
And in Tibet, there's very few most, like, I do school master, known as Lingyileva. He said, "Lingy
ileva is also a high-coupledness Brahma school."
I'm instant that, he catch up that.
And also Lingyileva is the sponsor of the Dukpataji school. And he, in a great master's mention,
that he is instant reliters.